(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Receiving the wind of the coming season
The shining, best carnival Lightly passing
through the new era Let's go, diving
into the city alone I WANNA T
OUCH THE PARADISE So that
I can find all the popular things I
'm going to steal their style Ready, set,
go!
Everybody can do!
The dream I started running always doesn't
stop Let's go to the next stage
tomorrow Ready, set, go!
Everybody can do!
Even if it's a little bit, I
don't want to see it I'm
going to steal their style Strongly, I
'm going to steal their style I'm
going to earn a lot of money I
'm going to steal their style I don
't have money Only 130 yen Damn, I
thought I had 1000 yen Do I have
to spend 130 yen for a week?
You have to think about the salary you
get How many times do I have to
tell you, Ryo-chan?
Wait!
I beg you, Reiko-chan If
you eat a lot of katsud
on, you'll have to drink water until
the end of the month No, I'm
not going to do that I'm going
to spend a lot of money from next
month You can lend me a little I
'm hungry I don't have anything to
eat I'll watch TV I'm hungry
It's juicy meat It's delicious I
'm going to melt You ate meat before
the payday Don't broadcast this kind
of program I love you I love you
I really love you I really love you
I really, really I really, really love you
I really, really love you I can only
get 3% because I'm making a
drama like this Ryo-chan I
love you You know a lot about ratings
TV ratings are common sense It's not
enough Mimi-chan shampoos
her dog every week The clothes are Chanel
The size is a special product from Her
agamo I really like Kobe beef I
'm a dog Ryo-san, what
are you doing?
I'm hungry and I want to see
a hallucination Let's eat fast Bast
ard I don't know how the viewers
feel on TV It's unpleasant This is
the number of Tsurukame What
is it?
Did you take my share?
This is Kei-chan's Don
't say that Don't say that You
said it was Kei-chan's
It's too late It's about time
to come back from the patrol Tsur
ukame's katsudon is
half the taste when it cools down After
all I Ryo-chan If you
eat someone else's food, you're a
thief I don't care Ryo-
chan This is Kei-chan It
's okay to eat a little What are
you doing?
Old man, be careful Old man What is
that?
I'm sorry, I'm in the middle
of a patrol Please open the road Old
man, look over here Old man?
Old man What are you doing here?
Old man, please help What is this?
I do not know Are you okay?
Do something I can not move forward I
'm sorry If you break the kats
udon, you can help Please All right
Move Open the road Old man Old
man Now Tsurukame Nakag
awa Yes Thank
you for coming Get off Yes Old
man Are you okay?
If you want to stop, tell me I
'm sorry, that micro bus suddenly Excuse me
I am the producer of Kanto TV
My name is Sugihara Kanto
TV?
I am also the director Yamamoto So
what is that Kanto TV?
That is ...
In other words Nakagawa Jun's
one day Complete coverage OK?
24 hours Why me?
Yes, this It's Nakagawa Nice
guy contest in town Nakagawa is
the winner This is the cause of the
commotion Hello Nakagawa Did you
go to Kanto TV?
Yes But what is this?
If you appear on TV The image of
Katsushika will be improved Please
cooperate No, director Look, it's coming again
Nakagawa, do something You can take
my one day I understand Let's do
it Yes Please follow me Good morning, sir
Good morning Kanto
TV The uniform I ordered from Burberry
I received it from the UK I'll
try it on when I get home Good
morning, sir Cool!
It was good, Nakagawa I tried
to reproduce the atmosphere of this morning Yes
The viewership is 20% I don
't know how the viewers feel 24 hours
The viewership is the lowest 1.
2, 1.
0, 1.
3% The show will be over What
do you know?
The show is for amateurs A few
years ago Grandfather's stall 24 hours
It was supposed to be 20% The
impression at that time Grandfather's smile
at that time I still remember it 24
hours What do you know?
It's a show about the life of
a commoner It was once called the
parents of Kanto TV How about that?
It's okay to show Nakagawa
's money I can't do the same
thing all the time Are you still a
professional?
Ramen and dumplings Welcome Do you know?
I'm trying to make you eat ramen
That's right As you say Suiy
ahara-chan What kind of show
do you want now?
For example A show that squeezes the
tears of the audience It's a show
It's a show that squeezes the
tears of the audience What do you mean?
Listen The audience wants the misfortune of
the people I'm going to satisfy that
desire The concept of the show is poverty
I see I see As you can see
Please help me I'm going to be
a little bit 100,000 yen for 1
% I'm going to be a little
bit 100,000 yen for 1% What
are you thinking about?
The plan to turn Nakagawa-
chan into a commoner.
Cue!
Nakagawa will be Ryo's
residence.
Nakagawa-kun, who lives in
a single-bedroom house.
Hey, Ryo-chan.
I don't think it's a good
idea, but...
Let me do it.
What is it?
This is not letting me do it!
Then, what is it?
It's a performance.
Ah, a performance.
Hey, old lady.
I just got home.
Oh, Ryo-chan, you're back
early.
Well, yeah.
Come on, let's go in.
Are you a guest?
I'll put you on TV, too.
What?
TV?
Thank you, thank you.
I'm sorry to bother you when you
're so busy.
Oh, yes.
Terrible.
I-I guess so.
This place might give the viewers a sense
of superiority, but...
Do you really live here every day?
Of course.
Now, don't be shy.
Come upstairs.
I'll make you some tea.
No, thank you.
First, from the bed.
Aim here with a low-pos
ition.
And then, pan up.
Twist your head from above.
And then, to the screen.
This is why amateurs have a hard
time.
You can't have such an unnatural camera
angle.
Right, Sugihara-chan?
Y-Yes, you're right.
Shut up, director!
What?
Even a lively fish can't hit a
weak board.
It's a disaster.
Let me see.
Um...
Are you going to sleep in this fut
on?
I can't sleep in my uniform.
Take off your jacket.
Um...
Where are my pajamas?
Pajamas?
That kind of thing.
Oh, that's right.
I think...
Your butt...
No, no, no!
Well, that's how it is.
The police officer is on standby in his
own shirt.
Like this?
Something's not right.
Hey, Eddie!
Huh?
It's you, you!
Me?
What did you say?
Yamamoto-chan!
Hold on tight here.
Okay.
Put that over there.
And that over there.
And put that over there.
Okay.
No, no!
You can't just line them up!
Hey, Nanana!
Reach out your hand.
Oh, okay.
Everything is within reach.
And then, a picture of a beautiful
woman.
And then, a picture of a beautiful woman.
Well, this is realism.
By the way, Yamamoto Eddie.
Yes, sir!
Don't you think something's missing?
Huh?
You're a pathetic guy.
You don't even know this?
No!
It's a pig.
A pig?
Go buy a pig!
Hurry!
Why don't you buy one for me?
A pig in the winter?
You don't know what's inside.
A summer wind chime on a winter window.
A winter kotatsu on a mids
ummer table.
That's the pity of a single
man.
With this, my wife's tears will be
squeezed tight.
Um, what's the rate?
I think it's about 3% up.
Oh, my eyes are bleeding.
Standby, okay!
Oh, I slept well.
The weather is nice today, too.
Cut!
Why?
There's no commoner who has such
a good face when he wakes up.
There's no such thing as a head
lotion.
Use the oil left in the frying pan
to make your eyes look like this.
Soak your eyes in hot water and
make them red and swollen.
It hurts.
It's a little swollen.
Um, Ryo-chan.
That's enough.
Don't disturb the production team!
The finish is a wake-up fashion.
Because of the budget...
It hurts more than this.
This is also part of the job.
Nagagawa!
All right!
The reality has come out!
Listen!
I'll only do it once, so look
closely.
Yes!
Shut up!
Good morning.
I'm waking up.
Did you see that?
This is the human wake-
up.
Try it!
Yes!
No, no!
You're still a rich man like me.
Why do you have to do this?
That's what you think, right?
No, that's not it.
After all, the level of life is different
from the commoner, baby.
I can see your unyielding
pride!
That's not what I meant.
Get out of here, Nakagawa!
The status of the Nagagawa
Taibatsu's benefactor...
And the pride of being the second one!
Throw everything away and become a rich man!
It's a tough production.
Well, I lost.
Good morning.
I'm a rich man.
It's cold this morning, too.
I'm going to puke!
It stinks!
Why is there a mold?
Oh, this is good.
I see.
When I ate ramen, I wiped it with
this...
And it was aged as it was.
Well, in a week or two...
Why does this look so good?
I'm sorry, senpai.
I can't poop.
Cut!
Okay!
Well, aside from your fart...
You've gotten a lot better, Nakag
awa, as a person.
With this, the viewer rating is 5%
for sure.
Now, it's a matter of time
...
To see how much content the viewers like.
Poor Nakagawa, the police officer...
He finds a trash can to pay for
his meal.
Hey, over there!
Kind Nakagawa...
Gives the fried chicken bento he
picked up for dinner...
To the dog.
With this, he grabs the dog's heart
...
And the viewer rating is 1%!
Nakagawa...
Is also a child-like brother.
With this, he grabs the wife and child
's heart...
And the viewer rating is 1%!
In front of Kameari Park...
There's a great boss named Yots
u Junsa-cho.
Nakagawa-kun, who's hungry
...
Sometimes, he feeds him ramen.
With the appearance of ramen, the viewer rating
is 10%!
What's going on, Ryo-chan?
That's not it!
Then, the camera is too high!
I'll take it!
Okay, Reiko.
Walk straight ahead.
I don't want to!
Come on!
Don't aim too low.
And then, Nakagawa goes into the
frame!
Rain!
Yes!
A sexy beauty and
her second partner.
What's the viewer rating?
He grabs Yume-no-S
ou...
And the viewer rating is 5%!
What time is it?
It's 4.
30.
Okay, we're almost there!
That's...
A smiling old lady.
Go, Nakagawa!
Mom!
It's you, Mom!
It's me!
It's Keiichi!
What are you talking about?
I don't remember you!
Ryo-san, what are you doing
there?
Director, could it be...
The old lady is hopeless.
The reaction of an amateur is life.
The old lady's lines are over-
the-top.
What's the percentage of the reunion with
her mother?
18% of national tears and emotions.
Then, the total viewer rating is 40%
times 100,000.
4 million!
What are you doing, Nakagawa?
Nakagawa is in tears.
Next...
We'll start the battle.
Sometimes, you'll accidentally fall into a deep
sleep.
Let's see...
Soap, soap, and...
There it is!
Shampoo!
Lucky!
It's still there.
It's common sense to use both soap
and shampoo.
Finally, we'll finish with fruit milk.
It's the climax!
Common sense.
This is how Nakagawa spends his
day.
Well done, Nakagawa.
You've become a commoner.
That's too much.
Poor Keiichi.
This is a different person.
It's not me!
Mr. Nakagawa!
Mr. Ryoichi!
And so...
Right after the show aired, Nakagawa
received a lot of letters, faxes, and
envelopes from all over the country.
Nakagawa is really good at acting.
I've deceived the public.
What should I do?
Oh, that's right.
By the way, what's the viewer rating?
It's 30%.
I see.
That means...
I'll get 3 million yen.
And...
Ryoichi was the director, but he
's a playwright.
I don't need someone who's not
as good as an amateur.
Both of you...
You're fired.
So you don't get any money.
What?
Mr. Nakagawa!
So you're the one who did
that show!
That's the result of Nakagawa
's sweat and tears!
Right?
But you forced me to do it.
Mr. Nakagawa, I'm glad you
did it.
You're...
an idiot!
Who are you?
This man who looks like a brand
item is...
Super Rich Shiratori Reiji!
You fell in love with Reiko and
followed her to the police station?
Hey, Reiko!
Do something about this dangerous guy!
Next time, on Super Rich Shiratori Re
iji...
I'm looking forward to it!
Even if I stop the clock Even if
I stop the clock Time will pass So
don't look down on me Laugh
it off and live on Even if
it rains Even if it snows Tomorrow
will be a sunny day Bye-bye
Let's shake hands Let's say goodbye
to the bad things Oh yeah Let's
live the way we want to Good things
will happen Outside the door The sun is
calling